When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

So that we can perform push or pull operations easily on the repository from different places or from different persons.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

It gives us the flexibility of choosing for ourselves when to update our repository as changes created automatically might lead to conflicts.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

fork- similar to clone except copy the content and states of the project files in the repository to another repository running on the github servers and not to local computer.

clone- copying a repository from Github repository to own machine or copying a repository withing the same machine.

branches- used for experimenting new features that may not be added to the main master branch yet. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

We can update our local copy of remote branches, and see how to combine conflicting changes from multiple people working on the repository. It helps in checking if changes were made in the GitHub repository compared to its offline repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

 Sending project files via email or uploading on drive and sharing the link with my friends.However, we will be loosing the history of project changes. This makes it hard to combine the work of multiple people.

 When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have? 

 When we are testing out a new feature in a project, that we know are certain to cause bugs in project and want to add this feature only after they are properly tested out. We want to make such a branch such that the master branch always remains error free, since this is where any one would first visit the page.