What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Each Git repository is tied to a specific directory - the directory where you ran git init. Only files from that directory (and subdirectories inside that directory) will be contained in that repository, and you can have different repositories in different directories.

Note: it's often the case that a Git repository in some directory will only contain, or track, some of the files in that directory, rather than all of them.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area shows the files that are ready to be committed. It gives us more control over which files to add to the commit. git status and git add are the git commands that operate on this staging area. However, the working directory shows us the files currently in the directory attached to the repository. We see the files in the directory using the git status command.(which shows us the untracked files and tracked files)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

By adding the files required per one logical change using git add *, where * stands for the respective files to be added. And then using git commit to commit the changes per each logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Helpful in adding new experimental features that will not be added to the original project or trying out a different version of the master  project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They give us the branches name, and show us which commits are reachable and which are not.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Facilitates final addition of a new or experimental feature to the master and updates its header. By representing it in the diagram, we can clearly see the commits which were done using both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git's automatic merging adds the extra features that were added in the different branches to be merged, but if there is a part of the code in the original file that was changed in both the branches, then merge conflict occurs even though the change was very small or not so difficult for humans to to understand. Merging manually resolves this conflict in both the branches. Merging manually always irritates anyone.